{"name":"15.07.2025 WOD","sections":[{"type":"Strength","description":"Hang Power Snatch","timing":"On the 1:45 x 7","movements":[{"name":"Hang Power Snatch","reps":"3","instructions":"1. Start by standing tall with your feet shoulder-width apart, holding a barbell (or dumbbells) in front of your thighs. Your grip should be just outside your legs. 2. Bend your knees slightly and hinge at your hips to lower the barbell to just above your knees. This is your starting position. 3. Engage your core and keep your chest up. 4. In one explosive movement, extend your hips and knees while pulling the barbell up close to your body. 5. As the barbell reaches your mid-thigh, quickly drop under it by bending your knees and catching it overhead with your arms fully extended. 6. Stand up tall to finish the movement. 7. Lower the barbell back to the starting position and repeat for a total of 3 reps. Remember to rest as needed between sets!","scaling":"If you're new to this movement, you can start with a lighter weight or even a PVC pipe to practice the technique. Focus on the explosive hip extension and catching the bar overhead."}]},{"type":"Conditioning","description":"For Time","movements":[{"name":"Alternating Dumbbell Hang Snatch","reps":"100","instructions":"1. Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart, holding a dumbbell in one hand at your side. 2. Hinge at your hips and lower the dumbbell to just above your knees, keeping your back straight and core engaged. 3. In one fluid motion, extend your hips and pull the dumbbell up, keeping it close to your body. 4. As the dumbbell reaches your shoulder height, drop under it and catch it overhead with your arm fully extended. 5. Lower the dumbbell back to the starting position and switch hands. 6. Repeat until you've completed 100 reps, alternating hands each time. Remember to pace yourself!","scaling":"If 100 reps is too much, you can scale down to 50 or 75 reps. You can also use a lighter dumbbell or perform the movement without weight to focus on form."},{"name":"V-ups","reps":"100","instructions":"1. Lie flat on your back with your arms extended above your head and legs straight. 2. Engage your core and lift your legs and upper body off the ground simultaneously, reaching your hands towards your feet. 3. Your body should form a 'V' shape at the top of the movement. 4. Lower back down with control and repeat until you've completed 100 reps. Remember to breathe!","scaling":"If V-ups are too challenging, you can scale to tuck-ups by bending your knees and bringing them towards your chest as you lift your upper body."},{"name":"Single Dumbbell Reverse Lunges","reps":"100","instructions":"1. Stand tall with a dumbbell held in one hand at your side. 2. Step back with the opposite leg into a lunge, lowering your back knee towards the ground. 3. Keep your front knee over your ankle and your chest up. 4. Push through your front heel to return to standing. 5. Alternate legs until you've completed 100 reps. Remember to keep your core engaged!","scaling":"If 100 reps is too much, you can scale down to 50 or 75 reps. You can also perform the lunges without weight or use a lighter dumbbell."}]}]}